hello this video presentation contains
our design ideas for improving the
modern kitchen the design ideas focus on
using ambient intelligence to solve some
of the common problems uses experience
the target is to make life easier
families with small children our group
consists of four people alice's Sinclair
David Liu Chris Rollins and Paul
Stevenson each group member will present
a separate stage of design there are
five design stages that we will take you
through today problem space requirement
gathering design space paper prototype
and evaluation stage one the problem
what other problems in current kitchens
the first stage of answering this
question was to look at our own
experiences brainstorming was the method
we used the brainstorming session
identified the main problems that we
encountered there were two main problems
one was following complicated recipes
with many ingredients the second was
given the user the ability to leave the
kitchen and the cooker on to do other
activities without any any risk of
burning the food or pans boiling over to
solve these two problems we decided to
create a cooker which would function in
an ambient intelligent environment the
next aim in state one was to find other
common problems in the kitchen and also
find out what other people use the
kitchen for we designed a questionnaire
to ask people these questions we found
that many people were concerned with
safety in the kitchen especially in
regard to children many people use the
kitchen for recreational activities for
kids in addition to cooking
and finally most parents were indeed
interested in a safe intelligent cooker
most people were also interested in the
idea of a cooker that made cooking
easier hi I'm going to be talking about
requirement gathering people want
ambient intelligence to create a better
environment in the kitchen to help the
use of kitchen be safer and more
convenient the kitchen for all ages from
old to young safe and convenient for 8
or ages including those with
disabilities ambient intelligence
although new the designers and
developers wanted to minimize the
effects of on familiarity with a new
ambient kitchen this is to minimize the
learning that is required people who
cook in the kitchen would like ambient
intelligence in the future to aid or a
system in this department to help them
cook to minimize the energy and
sometimes save time that is required
they have been projects conducted by
companies on this topic cell fate for
example have made a mock-up ambient
kitchen this kitchen were embed a number
of working demonstrations of a potential
kitchen though consists of ambient
intelligence for this kitchen again will
look familiar with the other kitchen
style on the market at the moment some
examples of future ambient intelligence
and kitchen users suggested were a
refrigerator which advised on food
consumption recipe search to assist with
cooking a tracking device in the kitchen
to track young children around the house
after the requirements gathering stage
of the design process the next stage is
a design space after the previous stages
we wanted to come up with a conceptual
model of a household cooker what the
requirements we decided to brainstorm
again as a group the brainstorming
session brought together all of the
previous ideas and requirements in order
to move the design process forward since
we're not limited by a course or con
technology we could be imagined seven
ways that are not plausible at less
moral and time the four stages that we
focused on and I've been stalling
session where one convenience
to suitability for all ages 3 usability
and for safety I place to talk a bit
more about the aspects of war for
usability and safety that we discuss in
our brainstorming session first we will
talk about safety it was obvious that
the safety aspect of both our household
cooker and the kitchen in general were
of high importance so we wanted to make
sure that our design it was a safe as
possible for all members of the family
or not cook us we want to protect users
from a sort of extreme heat so we first
valve a pool of a cover for the top of
the cooker which would be used when the
cooker is not in use or just after use
when the orb is cooling down we also
wanted to ensure the safety of children
in the kitchen so we came up with
additional protection on their oven door
so it would not get hot he also came up
with a child lock idea which which would
ensure children cannot open the oven
door when the oven is either on or off
with the cellines we also wanted to make
controls of the ticket itself
tamper-proof 10 sure small children kid
not accidentally tons could go on the
usability was more involved with the
features of cooker would have and her
would be used we firstly discussed the
type of entry so abused we decided that
they use the user would ideally use a
touchscreen interface to interact with
most of the functions of the cooker the
screen itself we would position just to
the rate of the electric hob other user
body functions include by step by step
interactive cookbook which would allow
the user to cook their recipe of choice
the touch screen would display an image
of inside the oven so the user may view
the food as it cooks with an offering
the oven door another function that we
came up with we named the author cook
mod this was a way of setting cooker
enter sort of off the pile mode selected
monitor herself as the user had
something else to do or had to leave the
kitchen for some reason the object
record would not exactly couch if it but
monitor and adjust itself so the food
was not overcooked or bumped this
concept is based on an individual's
understanding of a plane's autopilot
mode just like off the pilot to offer
cook won't allow your food clashing bomb
the metaphor that we have applied to our
system is simply that of a household
cooker which is quite straightforward we
would take the controls of a cooker and
turn them into a digital format let's
follow the learning process to be quite
short for a new user provided that they
have used both of cooker and a computer
before